README.md, before:

# gopher-proxy

gopher-proxy is a tiny [wai](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/wai) application running on top of [warp](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/warp). It acts as a gopher-over-http proxy for a specific server, e. g. to http-ify a gopher space.

## Usage

Example usage:

    gopher-proxy --host foo.org --http-port 8080

In this particular example, gopher-proxy would proxy the foo.org gopher server and bind its http service on `127.0.0.1:8080` (to be proxied to by another web server like `nginx`).

There are these additional flags which allow tweaking of exact behavior as well:

option            | meaning
------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`--port`          | The port of the gopher server, defaults to `70`
`--css-url`       | Use some specific css file instead of the default one.
`--css-url`       | The http path of the css file, defaults to `/gopher-proxy.css` (should be changed, if your gopher server has a file with the same name
`--base-url`      | The path of the directory which will appear as root directory of gopher-proxy to the user, defaults to `/`. Should be changed if you configured your proxying web server to expose gopher-proxy as, say `/gopher-space/`.
`--listen-public` | If this flag is set, gopher-proxy will accept connections on its public IP address(es).

Commit message:

Improve HTTP errors and minor improvements
* Unreachability yields 502 which is better than 500
* If a gopher menu only contains errors (type 3), the response has
  status 502
* A connection timeout has been added, which is configurable using the
  flag `--timeout`
* The default mime type can be given using a new flag,
  `--default-mime-type`
* Minor code cleanup

README.md, after:

# gopher-proxy

gopher-proxy is a tiny [wai](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/wai) application running on top of [warp](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/warp). It acts as a gopher-over-http proxy for a specific server, e. g. to http-ify a gopher space.

## Usage

Example usage:

    gopher-proxy --host foo.org --http-port 8080

In this particular example, gopher-proxy would proxy the foo.org gopher server and bind its http service on `127.0.0.1:8080` (to be proxied to by another web server like `nginx`).

There are these additional flags which allow tweaking of exact behavior as well:

option                | meaning
----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`--port`              | The port of the gopher server, defaults to `70`
`--css-url`           | Use some specific css file instead of the default one.
`--css-url`           | The http path of the css file, defaults to `/gopher-proxy.css` (should be changed, if your gopher server has a file with the same name
`--base-url`          | The path of the directory which will appear as root directory of gopher-proxy to the user, defaults to `/`. Should be changed if you configured your proxying web server to expose gopher-proxy as, say `/gopher-space/`.
`--listen-public`     | If this flag is set, gopher-proxy will accept connections on its public IP address(es).
`--default-mime-type` | Mime type to use if spacecookie can't guess it, defaults to "application/octet-stream"
`--timeout`           | Timeout when connecting in milliseconds, defaults to 10 seconds.
